[docs] Release notes for 2024.2.1.0-b184 (#25806)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/releases/yba-releases/v2024.2.md

**Build:** `2024.2.1.0-b185`

**Third-party licenses:** [YugabyteDB](https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.2.1.0/yugabytedb-2024.2.1.0-b185-third-party-licenses.html), [YugabyteDB Anywhere](https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.2.1.0/yugabytedb-anywhere-2024.2.1.0-b185-third-party-licenses.html)

### Download

<ul class="nav yb-pills">
 <li>
   <a href="https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2024.2.1.0/yba_installer_full-2024.2.1.0-b185-linux-x86_64.tar.gz">
     <i class="fa-brands fa-linux"></i>
     <span>Linux x86</span>
   </a>
 </li>
</ul>

### New features

* [Connection Pooling](/stable/explore/going-beyond-sql/connection-mgr-ysql/#start-ysql-connection-manager) - Optional server-side Connection Pooling enables more connections per cluster, more efficient memory usage, and faster first connection (and therefore first query) latencies. {{<tags/feature/ea idea="1368">}} <!-- IDEA-1368 -->
* [ARM processor support for Kubernetes universes](/stable/yugabyte-platform/create-deployments/create-universe-multi-zone-kubernetes/) - Support has been added for running Kubernetes-based universes on ARM CPUs. {{<tags/feature/ea idea="1486">}} <!-- IDEA-1486 -->

> * [Fire clock sync alert](/stable/yugabyte-platform/prepare/server-nodes-software/) when Network Time Protocol Daemon (ntpd) is not enabled or not running on a node of a YugabyteDB universe. {{<tags/feature/ga idea="910">}} <!-- IDEA-910 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fire clock sync alert](/stable/yugabyte-platform/alerts-monitoring/alert-policy-templates/#clock-drift) when Network Time Protocol Daemon (ntpd) is not enabled or not running on a node of a YugabyteDB universe. {{<tags/feature/ga idea="910">}} <!-- IDEA-910 -->
```
